---
title: Repl
layout: post
author: ben.munton
permalink: /repl/
source-id: 1MlYEa22xCIv1VETFBCcKYM7nAjrkigaHnRybsMBN8FM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Repl.it</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>27/11/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A blank repl.it sheet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To create an AI that can respond to questions intelligently</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, and it works well</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We discussed how one could work, and what we could ask it.  We then also discussed how to make sure that it would only respond to the correct answers, like yes or no. If a good answer was not inputted, it would repeat the question, until the user would put in the answer that we wanted.  We did this by asking a question, and then instructing them to put in a yes or a no answer.  To do this, we set up a loop of asking the question, and the loop would only "break" when either a yes or a no was inputted. To make sure that if it was an uppercase or lowercase answer, it would convert the input into lowercase, and then use that answer in the program.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For some reason, when I tried to ask the question, the question looped infinitely, even when I inputted a correct answer.  I only wanted it to ask the question once, and carry on with the program after it had an acceptable answer. By working with the people around me, I was able to get it working correctly.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson we will review our work, and then see what we could add to it. I do not have any idea what we could add, but I am ready to add more to it, as all of my code works.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


