---
title: IT Lesson 9.1.17
layout: post
author: ben.munton
permalink: /it-lesson-9.1.17/
source-id: 1K9MuyDHYf6hNPEZXwOx8ujARvP9LdTsrnEFzZEzMDD0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>1st Lesson on Learning</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>9/1/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Survey</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To learn about our new topic</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, and I learnt a lot</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>After we completed the survey, a screen telling me I had completed the survey came up.  Many people were still doing their survey, and so I was a bit bored. I decided to go onto inspect, and mess around with the code of the webpage on my screen.  I was showing James how to do it, and Mr. Keen saw this.  He told everyone once they had finished to do this.  This showed me if I was brave enough to try to work out some code in the webpage, it would be a good idea. This also reflected into the later topics on the lesson, on how we should try things, and always support others.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Many people did not know if we had IT or Drama, and so many people were late to the lesson.  We lost at least 10 mins, and it meant that we could not start the presentation until much later.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson I know everyone will know where to go, and so now we will be able to start on time. This will mean we can start our learning earlier, and improve our lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


